Improve docs (#1242)
imgbot/Imgbot: Docs/docs.md

Welcome to the Imgbot documentation. Get reference information on Imgbot and learn anything about how Imgbot works or how to contribute.

Imgbot <3 contributions.

> The Imgbot documentation is checked into [GitHub](https://github.com/dabutvin/Imgbot/tree/master/Docs). If there is any issue or something that is missing, feel free to open an issue and/or a pull request to get it fixed up.

Author: shorter version possible

Author: ```suggestion
The Imgbot documentation is checked into [GitHub](https://github.com/dabutvin/Imgbot/tree/master/Docs). To report/fix wrong or missing content, submit an issue or pull request.
```
